[docs] Add React Native Devtools section to router troubleshooting (#33630)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/reference/troubleshooting.mdx

import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

> ## Missing files / source maps in React Native DevTools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Missing files or source maps in React Native DevTools
```

> This can happen if your Chrome DevTools has exclusions within its ignore list. To fix the issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can happen if your Chrome DevTools has exclusions within its ignore list. To fix the issue, use [React Native DevTools](https://reactnative.dev/docs/react-native-devtools):
```
- missing colon?
- what does exclusion mean here?
- add missing context about using React Native DevTools and a link to the tool page

> 1. Start the React Native DevTools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start the React Native DevTools by pressing <kbd>J</kbd> from the development server running in the terminal window
```

Let's tell devs how to open this tool window from Expo CLI.

> 2. Open settings by pressing the gear icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open **Settings** by clicking the gear icon
```

In docs, all actions taken by a mouse reference to click instead of press (which is used for keyboard).

> 3. Press "restore defaults and reload"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Under **Extensions**, click **Restore defaults and reload**
```

We use complete specific settings path and use bold text to highlight the settings and its menu item name in our docs. Let's stick to that.

> 4. Open settings again, and click the "ignore list" tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Open **Settings** again, and go to **Ignore List** tab
```

> 5. Remove any exclusions with `node_modules`

Reviewer: This last step is confusing because if you want devs to uncheck the existing box or add a new *Custom pattern**?

![CleanShot 2024-12-12 at 18 48 11@2x](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a4d55f98-1fb6-42de-ba60-cbb2451e0032)
